[Music]
hey you ever wonder why queen elizabeth
ii is in such good shape it's a secret
she does CrossFit yeah you should see
this 93 year old gal do a clean and jerk
unbelievable
okay not really but let's face it for a
woman in her 90s she just looks amazing
she also works every single day and it
seems like she won't retire anytime soon
so you'll want to know the real secret
behind your incredible health and
endurance number one she has really good
genes now and I believe ice biologists
say that in no small measure the genes
you have influenced your lifespan well
there's no denying that the queen is
pretty lucky on that front her own mom
the Queen Mother
lived to the impressive age of 101 so
it's only logical that no one expects
anything less from Elizabeth herself but
the one thing that may be even more
significant than DNA is lifestyle but
more on that later number two she's
happily married if the royal experience
teaches us anything it's that it's
pretty helpful to have a loving partner
at your side elizabeth ii married Prince
Phillip in 1947 their love story has
been going on for over 70 years now for
all that time he's been her greatest
support surely they've had their ups and
downs just like everybody else but that
seemed to only strengthen their marriage
together they raised four children let
alone all the challenges their regal
duties brought upon them in the Queen's
own words he has quite simply been my
strength and stay all these years
number three she knows how to manage
stress now being queen isn't as easy as
you'd imagine elizabeth ii is not only
the monarch but she's also the Supreme
Governor of the Church of England and of
course the head of the British royal
family so her life by definition can't
be stress-free due to her many
obligations so dealing with the pressure
was the best way to go as her former
spokesperson Dicky arbiter says she can
get angry if something doesn't go right
but as it's often out of her control
there is no point becoming stressed
about it and when the Queen can be in
charge she's handling it perfectly
especially at her home I'll get to that
in a bit number four she sticks to
healthy food though the Queen can order
absolutely anything she prefers to eat
simple and healthy meals she's all about
self discipline when it comes to food
she actually controls all the recipes
herself her favorite dishes on a normal
day are grilled fish or chicken with
fresh veggies and if there's meat on the
menu she likes it well-done she also has
a few rules that all her chefs have to
follow she doesn't eat starches if she
dines alone of course that means no
pasta rice or potatoes for her majesty
and she'd never tolerate out of season
fruits so even if she loves strawberries
in summer she won't get caught snacking
on them during winter but with all this
you'd be surprised what she usually has
for breakfast it's just a regular cereal
and she eats it from a plastic container
her chefs say that the Monarchs shy
about requesting expensive products like
truffles and she saved them for
Christmas so she's much closer to West
commoners than it seems
number five
she has regular medical check-ups let's
be honest sometimes it seems like
there's no time or need to go to the
doctor if you're feeling okay but that's
not the case for her majesty
she's in excellent health thanks in
large part to the preventive screenings
she has at least once a year
she's very disciplined regarding her
well-being as always she knows that
going to the doctor for a routine check
keeps her on track so she never avoids
it and that's really practical two minor
problems are always easier to sort out
so the Queen sticks to Diagnostics
doctors monitor her cholesterol and
blood pressure and analyze her diet and
when her vitals are good she can go
about her daily concerns in good spirit
number six she works out really if you
think her royal duties keep the Queen
sitting all day long let me correct you
throughout her life she's travelled more
than any other ruler in the world and
though she may leave her country less
frequently now she's in excellent shape
maybe it's the numerous state visits and
ceremonies that keep her physically
active even at her age she can spend
hours standing and let's not forget the
Queen's love of horses of course she
doesn't
race anymore after all she's in her 90s
but that doesn't mean she slowed down
she still finds time to ride now and
that and when she can't she walks number
seven she keeps her mind occupied the
Queen's always been a dedicated lady who
took her responsibilities very seriously
her working routine still includes
checking a huge amount of paperwork in
the famous red boxes she gets day after
day she meets the prime minister once
every week apart from that she regularly
visits with quite a few politicians and
diplomats and people of arts but
continuing her long time work is one
thing and finding interest in something
new is another unlike many people of her
generation who choose to stay away
from modern technology she's curious
about it in 2008 she visited the Google
office in London since then she sent her
first tweet and an Instagram post one
year she actually decided to broadcast
her annual Christmas message in 3d and
she loved it number 8 she gets enough
sleep
the Queen's everyday schedule is pretty
rough and she'd never accomplished so
many things during the day if she didn't
have a good night's rest
she needs about seven hours of sleep so
nothing unusual here but did you have
any idea that Her Majesty is actually a
night owl sometimes she stays up till
past midnight and only then she hits the
sack that's one thing that can be pretty
annoying for her family
apparently it's considered bad manners
to go to bed before the matriarch and
she's really original not only in her
sleeping habits but also in the way she
wakes up instead of a regular alarm
clock she gets up to nothing other than
bagpipe tones under her window yep the
Queen's quite a fan of this Scottish
instrument number 9 she helps others
another thing we could all learn from
queen elizabeth is her devotion to
charity she's a patron of over 600
organizations of all kinds including
hospitals schools art institutions and
sports associations she supports the
British Red Cross and cancer research as
well as organizations which provide
service for disabled people
the Queen's work is yet another reminder
that charity can be both kindness and
fun some of the projects she helps
reflects her own hobbies such as dogs
trust or the society promoting classical
bagpipe music which as you know is also
her majesty's favorite way to start the
day
[Music]
number ten she drinks plenty of tea what
are the Queen's secrets to a long and
healthy life is drinking tea she
wouldn't be a British monarch if she
didn't enjoy this centuries-old practice
right she can't live without a cup of
tea and cookies in the morning she
usually takes it with milk and no sugar
and by tradition she always takes a sip
of her favorite Darjeeling in the
afternoon followed by a couple of
sandwiches
but it's not only the taste and scent of
it that Her Majesty likes so much it's
also good for her health teas full of
antioxidants which can lower the risk of
cancer and lower blood pressure one mug
is just what she needs and she can get
back to saving the world number eleven
she enjoys life elizabeth ii definitely
knows how to keep a cool head most of
the time but she also doesn't forget
that enjoying yourself is very important
for feeling good despite her pretty
strict diet she treats herself every
once in a while
surprisingly she does have a sweet tooth
she especially loves dark chocolate me
too
but her all-time favorite is a chocolate
biscuit cake sometimes she'll just ask
for one and eat it day by day
until there's not a single bite left the
same goes for her social life at times
when the Queen's not busy with her
garden parties and meetings she hangs
out with her grandchildren and
great-grandchildren besides she adores
taking care of her horses and her love
for dogs and corgis in particular has
always been beyond compare
I guess that's her main secret to
remaining as sharp and active as ever
it's happiness
so what qualities do you admire about
queen elizabeth ii let me know down in
the comments if you learn something new
today then give this video a like and
share it with a friend but hey don't go
having tea with the Queen just yet why
we have over 2000 cool videos for you to
check out all you have to do is pick the
left or right video click on it and
joy stay on the bright side of life
[Music]